fix: Update README.md (#268)
dart-lang/ai: pkgs/dart_mcp/README.md

provide implementations of methods, while others may just expose new methods
that you can call.

> See the [server example](example/sampling_server.dart) for some example code.

Reviewer: I think we should just point at the whole directory now, there isn't any one example that makes sense to point to.

```suggestion
See the [examples](example/) for some example code (server examples end in `_server.dart`).
```
